To have a better experience of the game, play the Hedwig Theme song in the background and continue with the game. Enjoy the game :-)

STORYLINE:
We have made a Harry Potter game using Python. In our game, the user is Harry Potter himself.
It is set up in the Fifth Year of Hogwarts for the Golden Trio.
Voldemort is back and has recently found out about the connection he shares with Harry through his lightning bolt mark.
Umbridge is on a roll with introducing new decorum and trying to take over Hogwarts.
Voldemort sends Harry a vision in which he has captured Sirius Black, Harry’s Godfather, in the Department of Mysteries.
To save Sirius, Harry decides to go to the Ministry of Magic along with Ronald, Hermione, Ginny, Neville, and Luna.
Here is where our game starts which is divided into 3 parts which we call phases.

THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC:
The first phase includes quiz solving which will allow Harry and the troop to go to the Ministry of Magic.
At this point after entering the MOM and going to the Department of the Ministry, Harry realizes that it was a trap.
Sirius was never here.
Voldemort has deceived him.
Despite knowing this the troop roams in search of the prophecy that Harry has seen in his dream.
Here starts the second phase of our game.

THE PROPHECY:
The second phase includes a crossword completion which will help the troop to get the Prophecy.
The moment Harry gets hold of the Prophecy; Death Eaters storm the Hall of Prophecy.
Harry and the Troop manage to leave the Hall of Prophecy, but they enter the Death Chamber where each of the Harry Potter Troop members gets in a duel with the Death Eaters.
Our game will focus only on the duel that Harry has with Bellatrix Lestrange. 
This Spell Battle is our third phase.

THE SPELL BATTLE:
The third phase is the last phase where Harry i.e., the user duels against Bellatrix Lestrange.
In this phase, the users will be given a few spells to use as either offensive or defensive.
The spell they use will decide the damage Bellatrix’s spell did them.
So, losing or winning is in the User’s hands.
